Supergraph coprocessor implementation (#3647)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_supergraph_coprocessor2.md

> ### Supergraph coprocessor implementation ([PR #3647](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3647))
> 
> This adds support for coprocessors at the supergraph service level. Supergraph plugins work on the request side with a parsed GraphQL request object, so the query and operation name, variables and extensions are directly accessible. On the response side, they handle GraphQL response objects, with label, data, path, errors, extensions. The supergraph response contains a stream of GraphQL responses, which can contain multiple elements if the query uses `@defer` or subscriptions. When configured to observe the responses, the coprocessor will be called for each of the deferred responses.
> 
> By [@Geal](https://github.com/Geal) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3647

Author: ```suggestion
### Supergraph coprocessor implementation ([PR #3647](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3647))

Coprocessors now support supergraph service interception. 

On the request side, the coprocessor payload can contain:
- method
- headers
- body
- context
- sdl

On the response side, the payload can contain:
- status_code
- headers
- body
- context
- sdl

The supergraph request body contains:
* query
* operation name
* variables
* extensions

The supergraph response body contains:
* label
* data
* errors
* extensions

When using `@defer` or subscriptions a supergraph response may contain multiple GraphQL responses, and the coprocessor will be called for each.

By [@Geal](https://github.com/Geal) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3647
```
